This birthday group is yours
Isn't this Jiang Dalong from the Jiang family?
He was arrogant and wanted to arrest us just now
Why are you looking so low now?
I was wrong.
You also know that the Jiang family is really dying
Please have pity on me.
Give me a contract
I promise to make him money
If I cared about money
I won't take out tens of billions for Can'er Hunter
You don't care about money
But I care.
Can'er is born beautiful
I have no eyes
I'll take Can'er home
Please give me a chance.
You take me back to the Jiang family now
Take me as a relative
Or is it because I am the heir to this birthday group?
Have value in me
Dad has already apologized to you.
Don't push your luck.
I push my luck.
In the government where I was kicked out of Xinjiang by you
I look forward to it all the time
Can you replace me?
Finally, I got to the birthday party
What am I waiting for?
I'm waiting for you to cut me off
Contract of relationship
Now we have signed off
I will not be wronged